docs: add instructions for running integration tests (#2263)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-operator: docs/integration-testing.md

1. **Label the PR as ready for integration tests**: comment `/label run-integration-tests` on the PR
2. **Wait for the bot**: `openshift-ci bot` will add the label to your PR
3. **Trigger the tests**: once PR is labeled, any new commit push into the PR branch will trigger the integration tests pipeline
4. **Monitor the image building process**: Keep an eye on the `Build Catalog FBC and run Integration tests` GitHub Action. 
Once this action succeeds, 
   `github-actions bot` will comment on the PR, which will automatically trigger the Jenkins pipeline
   - **Troubleshooting:** please refer to [the dedicated troubleshooting section](#image-buildpush-action-issues)
5. **Monitor the test process**: Once test pipeline starts in Jenkins, `rhods-ci-bot` will comment that the 
tests have started, and provide a link to the Jenkins pipeline run details page
   - **Note:** Accessing the Jenkins pipeline run details requires active Red Hat VPN connection and login via SSO
   - **Troubleshooting:** please refer to [the dedicated troubleshooting sections](#jenkins-pipeline-not-triggering)

## Troubleshooting Common Issues

> ### Image build/push action issues
> - Ensure correct ODH Operator version tag was obtained 
>   - version tag is obtained dynamically via a GitHub API call
>     - to ensure that the correct latest ODH tag will be used to construct image URLs
>   - expected format is `v<X>.<Y>.<Z>-pr-<pr_number>`
>     - for example `v2.32.0-pr-1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure the correct version tag was obtained
  - The version tag is obtained dynamically via a GitHub API call
    - This ensures that the correct latest tag will be used to construct image URLs
  - Expected format is`v<X>.<Y>.<Z>-pr-<pr_number>`
    - For example:`v2.32.0-pr-1`
```
